okay I'm sitting with the backbeat 903
Bluetooth headset
I've had these now for just over a month
and I am quite satisfied with them there
is of course some good aspects and some
negative ones I'll try and go over as
many as I as I can
first let's talk about the performance
of these things they're quite good I've
been actually pretty shocked at how good
they were granted these are not your
best music headset you're wired ones are
going to be better
you do get sometimes some intermittent
lag and that may be a problem for you
it's seldom and if it is it's for a
second here there once in a while so
it's not a not a real big deal but other
than that the performance is really good
the music is clear and the quality is
good and especially the the phone calls
made with it is is really clear so those
are big pluses for me the build quality
of it as well is actually pretty good
I was surprised there's a couple little
things for example I don't know if you
can see it but right here there this is
your volume button as well as you track
button and it's a little flimsy but I
haven't had any problems with it so I
don't want to make anybody worried about
that I'm sure if you threw this around
or get caught in something this could
easily break off but that is the only
quality issue I've really had with it
everything else seems really solid and I
haven't had any any problems whatsoever
with it and quite satisfied with that
build quality the price in these was
$39.99 when I got them on Amazon I don't
know why but the prices have gone up on
Amazon right now they're at 59
but then again those prices could
hopefully change aesthetically some
people may not like these as they do
kind of look a little little bulky I
don't really mind them I normally use
them when I go to locations like
Starbucks Panera or ABC and I get grab
something to eat and pull out my laptop
and I'm listening to music and taking
phone calls maybe doing some work at the
same time and in those cases these are
perfect for me comfortable they are
quite comfortable once you get used to
them not that they heard it in the start
it's just that it takes a little time
figuring out how to get these things to
sit comfortably and it takes a little
time getting everything to fit these
little rubber our silicone piece is
comfortable they do sit in your ear but
they're not noise isolating so they just
kind of sit loosely in your ear which is
perfect for me reason being that you can
still hear the outside noises so you're
not totally isolated away from the world
but they still sit in your ear and
they're comfortable and as you can see I
know if you can see it but these things
can be pulled out and rotated as well as
well as this little rubber thing can be
rotated and you got to make sure you get
that at the right angle for for your ear
as you can see this is the angle I
needed that and now that I've gotten
used to it it pops right in and pops
right out and it's not a big deal
battery life on it is pretty close to
advertised I think it's between five to
six hours advertised and that is what I
get and I have tested I've been playing
music through them constantly for right
in there between five to six hours it
starts beeping when the battery is about
to die and then about ten minutes later
it just shuts itself off so some of the
pros is that it is comfortable
especially for the $39.99
price if you can get it at that it's
definitely a great Buy bill quality is
good it's comfortable and let me just
show you here's the play button and
there was a track and volume and then
right here is the answer the phone
so same we go on you like sit on you sit
on your head like like that with this
rubber band a rubber behind you and this
is the cable in between it so it's a
thick rubber cable so it's it's pretty
high quality too
doesn't feel like it's going to break I
don't have any problems those are the
back beats and I hope this review helped